Ah, you did well last night
This little flight
Hey
Just this money, you want to send me to kill all the blame
You're addicted to acting too, aren't you?
Why am I acting?
Last time at Ye's house, you pretended to be a gentleman who killed
Although I don't know how you got in
What's the purpose?
But you're pretty smart
I know that not many people in the entire Sea City came in to open the election
That's why it's so good
I was saving you last time.
And Brother Gang, okay, okay, okay.
I admit that your acting is good, okay?
Hey
Then this is for you too.
Next time, don't show up at Ye's house
If they find out that you are pretending to be a sterilizer
You're dead. Bye
Never see you again
roll
You have recently experienced pearl jade gemstones.
What do you have to say about that?
I can only say that the cleaner clears himself
I don't need an explanation.
Regarding the suspected illegal behavior of your godmother
And his disappearance
What do you want to say?
If you do something wrong, you should bear the consequences
I hope the godmother can stand up and take the initiative to identify
Strive for leniency